So what we're gonna do next is,
get this project page working.
So when you click on the project,
it actually goes to the project
page where you can see the task.
So, let's do this right now it'll
just four, or four or five or
whatever that is, it'll do that.
So let's fix that.
So for the project page and
this is why I was saying we had
to make the task card flexible.
Because the project page
is gonna be responsible for
getting its own project
based off the ID of the URL.
And if we're already getting a project, we
might as well just put include task true.
So, if we're gonna reuse the task card,
the project is already getting its
own task, why do we need the task
card to get the task again?
It's not even getting all those,
it's only getting the first five.
So that's why I extended the task
card to take in task as a prop so
it can either give it a list of tasks or
it'll go get the first five by default.
So that's why we did that?
So let's go make this so
we'll go into, quit,
we'll go to dashboard,
the project ID page.
And we'll just make our stuff in here.
So export, default, async.
Function, this will be
the project page.
There we go, we need to get data.
That's gonna be async, gotta see if
this the user first like always, so
we're gonna await, Get user from cookie.
Well cookies.
This is gonna take an ID.
It's gonna be a project ID.
Then we can say const project = await.
db.project.findunique or
is it fine first?
Yeah, it's findfirst,
it's not a unique index.
Find the first one.
Where the ID is gonna be ID and
the owner is gonna be
user.id or owner id.
Sorry, it's user id.
And then we just wanna
include all of our tasks.
From there,
we're gonna just return the projects.
You can destructure if you want to,
you can do whatever, it's not wrong or
right there.
Cool we got that.
Now because this page is a dynamic
page as in its parent folder
has brackets around it,
that's what makes this a dynamic page.
We'll automatically get past params.
Every page that's a page inside of
a folder like this is gonna get params
So we can say const project = awaits.
Get data and we can pass an ID,
which will be params dot
whatever your folder name is.
In our case, it's id.
And then from there,
it's really just some basic JSX.
It's gonna bring in my task card.
There we go.
Task card.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, so
you're gonna get a tight script type here.
Because it doesn't know how to handle
components that return promises yet,
there's a fix for it.
There's a comment you can put in here for
TypeScript to ignore this, but, it's fine.
And these are just tripping
because project might be null and
we're not handling.
Were not just handling everything,
we're just fine.
Okay, any questions on this?
Let's try it out, so if we go here,
click a little refresh,
see our 60 frames per second spinner,
click on one of these projects,
boom, got a project with all the tasks.
You can see there's a delay there though,
right?
It's not going there instantly.
And these, they're getting cached now but
at first they're not gonna be cached ahead
of time cuz we didn't do get static param
which you probably couldn't for this.
So this is where you would probably
show another loading thing or
on the page level or
just transition to the page.
You might have some UI up here
that isn't part of the task card
like this part right here maybe,
some other UI, and
then put a suspense around the task
card or something like that.
Or take the data, the project
fetching part from the page and
move that down to a component and
put a suspense around that.
Now with the page can actually load in
immediately, show the non-dynamic stuff,
like the title, whatever, maybe even
a counter or something of task, and
then suspense and the new component
that you made for the task.
That's probably how you would do it or
you would just do this.
You would just put a spinner right here.
It's one of the two.
But as is the way we have to do is
we have to put a spinner here cuz
the page is being blocked,
cuz that's what's getting the data